Have you ever watched a movie about a zombie
apocalypse, and thought to yourself, if i
was in that position, is there anything I
could do to not get pulled apart by frothy
mouthed white eyed raging cannibals?
In this video on Nerd Explains, I'll tell
you how to survive Train To Busan.
Train to Busan is about a zombie outbreak
in South Korea where the survivors are lucky
enough to be on a departing train as the station
is overrun, but unlucky enough that a few
zombies managed to make it aboard, as well
as a few complete scumbags.
So you’re just chilling in your seat on
the train, when you look over and there’s
a rabid bloody person on top of another person
biting their neck and making unnatural sounds.
Clearly this is a zombie, but nobody else
is freaking out.
If you saw that, what should you do?
While everyone else is shocked and trying
to process the situation, you need to immediately,
calmy, and quickly get up and move to the
next cattle car towards the engine.
Close the door behind you, lock it, and throw
a blanket over the glass.
It seemed there was an emergency lock on the
ceiling by the door, use it.
Don’t just assume the zombies can’t somehow
open the door.
Yes there are uninfected still in that car
you left, and you’re basically dooming them,
but the problem is that if you panic, and
try to get everyone to the next car, nobody
will make it.
Everyone will get stuck in the door, nobody
will have the chance to lock and cover the
door, and you’ll all die.
The car you left is fucked, you can deal with
the guilt later.
Everyone in the next car would probably be
a bit shocked and freaked out with you closing,
locking, and covering up the door with lots
of horrible sounds coming from that compartment,
but they aren’t in full panic yet.
That’s good.
Keep everyone quiet and calm.
You don’t want to alert the zombies in the
car behind you.
Move towards the front of the car towards
the next door, so if everyone freaks out or
does stupid shit you can escape quickly, then
establish control over the people in that
car.
If you let everyone freak out and panic, it’s
game over.
Check the next section for zombies, if it’s
clear, then calmly and quietly start moving
sections of that car into the next car.
Once everyone is safe, lock that door as well
but don’t cover it so you can see if the
zombies broke through.
This gives the train a buffer car between
infected and non infected.
So now you have an empty buffer car between
the uninfected and infected cars.
What is the next contingency to plan for.
What if the zombies break through that door,
or something happens where you will encounter
a zombie up close.
Okay, you need armor and weapons.
For armor, start wrapping and covering up
any exposed skin with extra clothes, taped
magazines around arms and legs.
Wrap your hands up.
Any scratch or bite and you’re a goner.
For weapons, start dismantling anything that
looks like you could block, stab, or bash
the zombies with.
The metal used to hold the overhead luggage
looks useful, but the more distance, the sharper,
the heavier the object, the better.
Anything that gives you the lethality edge,
using your fists is the most vulnerable and
dangerous option.
For a shield, if anyone has a backpack, luggage
bag, this could be used for blocking.
Then, using a human train, load the buffer
car with all the luggage you can find.
If the zombies break through into the buffer
car, all the luggage will block and slow them
down so the zombies have less room to generate
force against your car’s door.
What I mean, is that they won’t be able
to get a running start and body slam the door
potentially breaking it.
So now you have an empty buffer car full of
luggage between the uninfected and infected
cars, as well as makeshift armor and weapons
that give you a fighting chance.
Now you find out people have loved ones stuck
in the other cars, with zombies between you
and them, as well as zombies in cars between
you and the engine.
In the movie the protagonists fight through
3 train cars full of zombies, realistically
that is total suicide.
You could stop the train, and since the zombies
can’t open doors they’d be isolated in
their cars.
The uninfected could simply exit their car
and walk over to your car.
Then start the train up again.
This has its dangers but is probably the best
solution.
That said, it’s dependent on if you can
communicate with the conductor or not.
It’s also dependent on if your loved ones
are stuck in the bathroom with zombies in
the car with them.
If so, then with the train still moving, with
a buddy or two, I would open the train door
and get to the top of the train.
Sure, it’s really dangerous, and you need
to be careful not to touch the overhead lines,
but it’s better than fighting through hordes
of zombies in hand to hand combat.
Then for each zombie car between you and the
uninfected, get on-top.
Then with a weapon, break the train car window.
The zombies will try to climb through the
window to get to you, and since they’re
uncoordinated and irrational, they will all
fall off the moving train while climbing out
the window.
You can effectively clear the train cars of
zombies using this technique.
If this doesn’t work.
Then go to the uninfected cars, and break
their windows and help them up onto the top
of the train.
Once they are on top of the train, you need
to ensure that they aren’t infected.
Check them for any bites or scratches or signs
of infection.
Then you can all walk back to the safe part
of the train in front of your buffer car.
Once that is done.
Move to the engine room and let the conductor
know what is going on, and use his knowledge
to decouple the zombie train cars.
So now you have cleared the train of zombies
manually, as well as decoupled any other zombie
train cars.
Keep the train moving.
Do not get off or leave the train unless you
are 100% sure it is safe and that the military
has secured the area.
And I mean you visually can see the soldiers
securing the area with overwhelming firepower
and organization.
Don’t just wander into the next train station
on foot because you heard it was safe.
That’s how you die.
The train's speed and structure is your biggest
advantage.
Zombies won’t be able to catch, swarm, or
otherwise get to you while the train is moving
at full speed.
If you have to transfer to another train in
order to get to assured safety, run on top
of the trains for additional safety and better
awareness.
Avoid being on foot without visibility as
much as possible.
I would still highly avoid this decision.
I would stay on the train, and continue to
keep it moving either forward or in reverse.
Again speed is your ally, and staying in the
moving train until help comes is the best
decision.
If nobody comes to save you, it’s because
the world ended and you’re already fucked.
If you do go in reverse, do take care to not
accidentally ram into the zombie car you decoupled
from earlier.
In the context of this movie, that is how
I would attempt to survive a train to busan.
If you have other ideas, or think I am wrong
or would get killed doing what I mentioned,
let me know in the comments.
Thanks for watching, later.